I'm here with the amazing Mark Leen.
And we're going to do a quick,
sort of Blind Boys of Alabama gospel song.
What do you think about that, camera person?
Fantastic.
Here we go.
Amazing grace! How sweet the sound
That saved a wretch like me!
I once was lost, but now I'm found,
I was blind, but now I see.
Through many dangers, toils, and snares.
I have already come.
'Twas grace that taught my heart to fear.
And grace will lead me home.
When we've been there ten thousand years,
Bright shining as the sun,
We've no less days to sing God's praise,
Than when we first begun.
Oh, Amazing grace! How sweet the sound,
That saved a wretch like me!
And I once was lost, but now I am found,
I was blind, but now I see.
Yes, blind, but now I see.
Well done, Mark.